Add AWS resources tagging policy doc (#33)
ansible-collections/cloud-content-handbook: GUIDELINES/aws_resource_tagging_policy.md

Reviewer: I would suggest we just link to the Ansible handbook page, rather than trying to maintain two copies.

> Follow the documentation in [The Ansible Engineering Handbook](https://github.com/ansible/handbook/tree/main/The%20Ansible%20Engineering%20Handbook): [AWS Resource Tagging Policy](https://github.com/ansible/handbook/blob/main/The%20Ansible%20Engineering%20Handbook/docs/Content/AWS_Resource_Tagging_Policy.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the documentation in [The Ansible Engineering Handbook](https://handbook.eng.ansible.com/): [AWS Resource Tagging Policy](https://handbook.eng.ansible.com/docs/Content/AWS_Resource_Tagging_Policy)
```
